Update installation instruction (#64)
alexandrainst/alexandra-trackmap-panel: README.md

If you are running Grafana locally, you can clone or download the repository directly into the plugin directory, reset the Grafana server, and the plugin should get detected automatically.

> If you are using Docker, a guide can be [found here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/docker/#installing-plugins-from-other-sources). Use the zip file: https://github.com/alexandrainst/alexandra-trackmap-panel/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Docker, a guide can be [found here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/docker/#install-plugins-from-other-sources), for instance using the ZIP file as so:

`-e "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=https://github.com/alexandrainst/alexandra-trackmap-panel/archive/refs/heads/master.zip" \`
```

If you are running Grafana locally, you can clone or download the repository directly into the plugin directory, reset the Grafana server, and the plugin should get detected automatically.

If you are using Docker, a guide can be [found here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/docker/#installing-plugins-from-other-sources). Use the zip file: https://github.com/alexandrainst/alexandra-trackmap-panel/archive/refs/heads/master.zip

> Another example of installing the plugin in docker (Replace grafana_image_name with your own image name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example of installing the plug-in in Docker (Replace `grafana_image_name` with your own image name).
```
